Just recently, we dropped the video showcasing the new Clod Code Ultra update,
but it looks like we already have a brand new official release from the Anthropic team
after months of development with the launch of Clod Code 2.10.
And yeah, they just casually did a drop after 1096 commits to get here.
This is a massive update that's packed with seriously impressive features
with the launch of automatic skill hot reloading,
you have forked sub-agents, flash commands for skills,
hooks-in-skill front matter, as well as a native shift plus enter multi-line input.
On top of that, we also have asynchronous agents,
LSP support, and a whole lot more under the hood.
So let's just dive straight into it.
For those who do not know what Clod Code is,
it's an agentic terminal-based AI coding agent,
and honestly, it's one of the most remarkable tools that's out there right now
for helping you code faster, smarter, and with way less friction.
To start off, the Clod Code team has just open-sourced the exact code simplifier agent
that they use internally.
You can start using it using the Clod plugin install code simplifier command,
which I'll leave in the description below,
or you can simply just install it through the plugin marketplace.
This agent is perfect for using at the end of a long coding session
or when you're dealing with messy, complex PRs that need cleanup and simplification.
Just ask Clod to run the code simplifier agent,
and it will refactor, clean up, and make everything far more readable.
This is definitely a great tool that you can now start using,
and you can get the open-source repo in the description below.
Next is an older update that I didn't really cover in my last video,
and it's something that's been out since November 24th
that a lot of people are starting to find out about right now.
You can use Clod Code directly within the Clod Desktop app,
and this way you get a better GUI experience.
You would obviously need a Clod account,
and you'd need to simply download Clod Desktop.
All you got to do is just switch over to the code mode,
and you can just toggle that code button,
and you're going to be able to now use Clod Code directly within the Clod Desktop app.
And this is, I believe, a pretty important update,
because now you can directly work with your local files
in a better GUI experience that is powered by Clod Code,
and it's fully supported and maintained by Anthropic, which is also great.
Before we get started, I just want to mention that you should definitely go ahead
and subscribe to the World of AI newsletter.
I'm constantly posting different newsletters on a weekly basis,
so this is where you can easily get up-to-date knowledge
about what is happening in the AI space.
So definitely go ahead and subscribe, as this is completely for free.
Now moving into one of the newer features that was just recently released,
which is the added automatic skill hot reload feature.
And this is definitely a nice convenient feature that has been added,
where once you have added the skill directly from the session,
you don't need to restart the session.
You can just simply start working right away with the new skill that was added.
So that way it makes it faster to refine reusable tools and commands on the fly.
And to complement this, they have also introduced forked sub-agents
that allow skills and slash commands to spawn independently within isolated contexts,
and this is through the context fork and the skill front matter.
Overall, this will enable parallel task execution,
as well as safe experimentation without risking pollution of your main agent state
or conversation history.
Recently we had talked about how Cloud Code had introduced asynchronous sub-agents
that work in the background until a task is complete,
but now they have made it so that skills are also applicable
and attached to these sub-agents.
And this is a pretty big thing,
because now skills can be deployed to multiple agents
to accomplish various sorts of tasks,
and you can even add an async flag, which is a new feature,
or use the Ctrl plus B command to detach them,
and they will keep grinding independently even if the main agent wraps up,
or if the session idles, or if you jump into new work.
This is perfect for long-running tasks like monitoring logs,
builds, or tasks without blocking anything.
It is tied straight to the new skill
Hot Reloading and Custom Agent Support within this new release
that lets you build reusable skills that fire off fire
and forget sub-agents effortlessly.
Overall, this will turn your terminal
into a full multi-threaded agent orchestration.
Something cool that was just recently added
is that you can now easily config Cloud Code's output styles,
and it is highly underrated,
because it lets you completely shift how the agent responds,
perfect for different workflows or experience levels.
You can by default have a straight-to-the-point config
that has no fluff, pure focus on efficient coding and task completion,
but if you want to enhance this even further,
you can have an explanation config that adds educational insights,
and this is something that you can easily pre-define
within the slash config command or with the output style command
and add in a different set.
It's something that you can do easily,
and it is a quick level up,
because you can toggle them in different sessions
and different use cases to get the best output style.
If you do not know by now,
Cloud actually works within your browser, specifically Chrome.
This is a pretty big new feature,
where a Chrome browser is fully integrated with Cloud Code.
You can launch and control a real Chrome browser
directly from the terminal,
where you can let agents navigate pages, inspect content.
You can even have it fill out forms, interact with the web app,
as well as something that is a part of your coding flow,
which you see on the screen right now.
This is through the Cloud extension,
but you can still have that deployed from the Cloud terminal.
It is something that is huge,
because you can have end-to-end debugging testing,
as well as verifying auth flows and dashboards,
and scraping and validating live data during development.
So instead of just searching between the browser dev tool
as well as the terminal,
Cloud Code can now operate across all three.
You can code terminal as well as browse,
because instead of just having a single agent loop,
you have way more flexibility,
which is going to definitely increase efficiency.
And with this combined async sub-agent process,
you can now have one agent that could be coding,
while the other agent watches a live web flow in Chrome
that reports back to the other agent.
It is truly a game changer.
Something cool they added,
a pretty subtle new feature is with hooks.
You have hooks for agent skills as well as slash commands.
You can add the pre-tool use, the post-tool use,
as well as a stop logic directly in the front matter.
A couple of other small things is that
they have added a language setting
to configure Cloud's response language
to other sorts of languages that are available.
You can even add custom languages to Cloud Code.
You also have an improved whim motion
as well as keyboard handling for fixed word navigation
and added repeat mentions.
Another cool thing is that agents can now persist
after denied tool use.
So sessions no longer halt if you deny a permission.
One of the most slept on new features in Cloud Code
is the ask user question tool.
And it's pretty insane
because instead of just guessing what you mean,
Cloud can directly ask you clarifying questions
during the coding session.
So if you're unsure about a function,
a variable name or a desired feature,
it pauses and gets the exact input from you,
like a dev pair that always double checks before committing.
You can enable this within the settings
and it is essentially going to get you cleaner code.
Because of the refinement of questions,
you're going to have fewer bugs
and way smarter automation.
You're basically giving Cloud
a better interactive understanding of your intentions,
which makes the output better for equality.
I did this in my last Cloud update video
and you guys really loved it
because I was able to spotlight some helpful tools
that you guys can easily get started with
and it enhances your Cloud experience even further.
I'm not sponsored or affiliated
with any of these projects,
just trying to help you guys out.
One of these tools is Cloud Mem,
which helps you have persistent memory
built within Cloud Code.
Another one is AutoCloud,
which I already made a full video on.
This is a better GUI in my opinion
that you can use with Cloud Code
and you also have a lot of cool new features
to deploy sub-agents
to get the best out of Cloud Code.
You also have Ralph,
which is something that I made a video on.
It is going to consistently and persistently
get the best generation out of Cloud Code.
Now, I made videos on these two things,
so I'll leave these links in the description below,
but these are all three remarkable repositories
that will enhance Cloud Code even further.
Now, a really cool subtle feature is that
if you are running a session within the terminal,
say if you want to transfer over
whatever is happening to Cloud Desktop, for example,
you can simply just use the slash teleport command
and it is going to be able to be transferred over
to another session.
This will basically allow you to transfer over
the session ID to a remote session,
whether that's through the desktop
or through the online cloud chatbot.
Now, if you do not know,
Boris is the Cloud Code creator
and he has created this thread on X,
which I'll also leave in the description below,
with a bunch of setup tips.
These are pretty important tips
that will enhance your usage of Cloud Code
from something like using a special command
or to enhance a subagent's quality
or just to improve the overall GUI even further
with a couple of different setups.
I definitely recommend that you try this out
with a couple of tips he has recommended,
which I'll leave in the description below.
If you like this video
and would love to support the channel,
you can consider donating to my channel
through the Super Thanks option below,
or you can consider joining our private Discord,
where you can access multiple subscriptions
to different AI tools for free on a monthly basis,
plus daily AI news and exclusive content,
plus a lot more.
Now, I'll be honest, there's a lot more to this,
so I definitely recommend that you read through the changelog,
because I haven't gone through
each and every small remote feature that they have added.
So if you're interested, go ahead and take a look at this
with the links in the description below.
But huge props to the Cloud Code team
for continuously shipping out new great features.
I'll leave all these links that I used in today's video
in the description below.
Make sure you go ahead and subscribe to the second channel.
If you haven't already, join the newsletter,
join the Discord, follow me on Twitter,
and lastly, make sure you guys subscribe,
turn on the notification bell, like this video,
and please take a look at our previous videos,
because there's a lot of content
that you will truly benefit from.
But with that thought, guys, have an amazing day,
spread positivity, and I'll see you guys really shortly.
Peace out, fellas.
